Main body of the fire's
been knocked down.
Give me a secondary search.
Dispatch (over radio):
Yes, captain.
(firefighter coughing)
(chuckles)
Not even 7:00 a.M.
This calls for a celebration.
Maple bacon donuts
from "the nickel," sir?
Make it two dozen.
(laughs)
the fire didn't kill us,
But the donuts might.
Captain, we got a man
missing: Simpson.
Mayday! Mayday! Mayday!
Man down.
Rookie, with me.
Firefighter:
Captain! In here!
(alarm beeping)
We can hear his pass alarm,
but we can't get inside.
What the hell is this thing?
Get the saw! Now!
(saw revving)
(beeping continues, louder)
Masks on!
(breathing masks hissing)
(beeping continues)
I got him!
Simpson!
¶ ¶
Ow.
Work out wasn't that hard.
What's going on?
You tweak something?
My lymph nodes are swollen,
like really swollen-- feel this.
You feel that?
No.
What are you talking about?
It's like the size
of a frickin' golf ball.
Have you ever
golfed in your life?
Have you seen how big
golf balls are?
All right,
it's the size of a marble then.
But that's still really big.
Okay, big deal,
then maybe you have a cold
Or a sinus infection.
But I have all these
other symptoms, too.
I've got, like,
fatigue and night sweats.
Like, maybe it's
something worse.
Well, the night sweats are
because our house is 90 degrees
And the ac is broken.
Something you were
supposed to get fixed
This morning-- did you?
Do I have bubonic plague?
Okay, no, stop, stop.
Nothing good's
gonna come from googling.
(sighs)
Now, what's going on?
Is-is mercury
in retrograde or something?
No, it's not until next week.
Okay, so why are you going
all howard hughes on me?
Because things are good
between me and you.
Yeah, they're amazing.
And things at work are great,
Like I'm no longer
being investigated
By internal affairs.
Sounds like an improvement.
My mom is fantastic.
Even monty is
healthy for, like,
The first time in forever.
I'm sorry, I'm struggling
to see the problem here.
Because it's too good.
Because things are too good,
And at some point,
the other shoe is gonna drop.
The other... The other shoe?
The lymph node shoe?
The universe-balancing,
reality-checking,
Soul-crushing shoe.
(laughing)
Why are you laughing?
Sorry, that was funny.
"sole-crushing?" that...
That's not a pun. Okay.
You think I'm crazy.
Eh, maybe I'm crazy.
Wait, am I crazy?
Don't, sweetie, I don't think
you're crazy at all.
I don't; I love that you
think everything is fine.
I just, I...
I want you to enjoy it.
If it's good, then take
advantage of that.
Don't worry about it.
Right.
Sorry, that was just
way too tempting.
Granger wants you in ops.
Can you guys, just...
(sighing)
Uh, bring that up with you?
That-that'd be great.
You want us to grab the shoe?
Eric: Yeah because there's a
custom orthotic insole in there.
It's very helpful
to my fallen arches.
It's very expensive.
All the beales have
very flat feet and...
It was a joke.
Uh...
(sighs)
Did you get mugged out there?
I have no idea.
Ooh. I saw this
on the news this morning.
It's a hell of a fire.
Eric:
And unfortunately,
It took its toll.
Lafd station 118 lost a man:
Firefighter terry simpson.
Oh, this is terrible,
but why exactly...
Granger:
Why are we involved?
It's the man who died,
it's where he died.
This is a live feed
from the scene.
Simpson perished inside
that container, except...
It's not a container.
It's a department of
defense-controlled scif.
Deeks:
Really?
Because it doesn't
look it would float,
Especially inside of a building.
Although, what do I know?
I was never in the navy.
Except for old navy.
It's where I buy my boxers.
Not the loose ones,
the tight ones.
You finished?
Yes, yes, he's very
much finished.
It's not a boat, it's a scif.
S-c-I-f. Scif.
Eric:
Sensitive compartmented
Information facility.
It's a secure area used to
process classified intelligence.
Actually, our lovely
ops center qualifies as a scif.
Simpson's body
was found inside.
Firefighters had to use
a rotary saw to get in.
Wait a minute, I thought
you said it was secure.
So how did he get inside?
Yeah, we have no idea.
The surveillance feed was
obscured by all the smoke.
So, do we have
any reason to believe
That this isn't just
a tragic accident?
Well, not yet, but because
of the sensitive nature
Of the information
stored there,
We have to take
every precaution.
Which is why
we tasked an agent
To clear the scene of any
personnel without clearance.
That included fire, ems,
Medical examiners.
Would this agent go by the name
of "nellosaurus,"
Wearing a one-piece jumpsuit?
No one's getting past my girl.
Except for callen and sam.
Except for
callen and sam.
Who are on their way
to determine
If anything was taken
from the scif.
So, you two head
to the boatshed,
Talk to
commander susan yelton of dod.
She and her team
were the only ones
Who should've had
access to the scif.
Kensi and deeks:
On it.
(clears throat)
I'll, um...
Be right back.
I'll be here.
(indistinct radio communication,
overlapping conversations)
Let me see it.
There's nothing to see.
What's the big deal, g?
The fact that you
still call me that
Means it really isn't.
Old habits die hard.
Come on.
No.
There it is.
Thank you.
Grisha aleksandrovich
nikolaev callen.
You happy?
I'm impressed that it
all fit on one card.
Yeah.
(chuckle)
Hold up, it's an old photo.
They didn't even
give you a new photo?
I like that photo.
You look angry in that photo.
Come on.
Probably because you
didn't know your first name.
(sam sighs deeply)
Sam:
This was a hot one.
That fire didn't leave much.
(men shouting commands
in distance)
Check it out.
It's a fire safety mechanism.
It unlocks in the
event of a fire.
Yeah, but it also overrides
the security controls,
Meaning anyone could've
gotten inside this room
With the scif.
Including the
fallen firefighter.
He may have been just...
Checking to see if anyone
was trapped by the fire.
Run a pid sweep
around exposure four,
And tell the salvage
guys to start outside.
They're running
all over our scene.
Special agent callen,
this is special agent hanna.
Are you the arson
investigator?
Peter hackett.
Any idea how much longer
You guys are gonna be
restricting our movement?
Once we secure
all classified material,
You'll have
full run of the place.
Work faster.
Our man died in
your box over there.
His colleagues, his family--
They don't care about
classified information,
They just want to know why.
You have any ideas about that?
Was it arson?
Was it an accident?
You'll have my report
when it's ready.
But at this pace,
like I said,
Work faster.
Hackett:
How's that sweep going, guys?
We don't have all day.
You can't blame him
for being angry.
Eric:
What's up, nell?
Hey, eric.
So I'm taking inventory
of the scif equipment,
Can you double-check it
with the dod?
Sure thing.
Thank you so much.
Hey, boys.
Welcome to the scif.
You released the body?
Negative.
His fellow firefighters
took him out
Before I even arrived
on the scene.
Just like the military.
Leave no man behind.
Get a report from the
medical examiner?
Yes.
Death by asphyxiation.
The theory is the chemical fire
suppression system
Kicked in.
Sucks the oxygen
out of the room.
That is not a good way to go.
All firefighters have
a breathing apparatus.
What happened to simpson's?
Apparently it was
knocked off his face.
The m.E. Also found evidence
of head trauma.
From what?
Well, considering we have
two missing hard drives,
I'm gonna go with...
Someone hit him.
So much for a tragic accident.
What was on the hard drives?
Well, one contained footage
From the scif surveillance
camera, and the other holds
Hundreds of gigabytes
of classified intel.
Everything from terror cells
to drone schematics.
Looks like we don't have to
wait for that report.
Arson, murder, espionage.
Woman: Served three tours
under ronald reagan.
Had a fire drill every
week, but never a fire.
The scif is my first command,
And look what happens.
Commander, the building
that holds the scif,
Also houses a bottling facility
with 30 employees.
Kind of seems like an odd choice
for a super-secret hideout,
So why did you put it there?
I'm guessing the same reason
you're interviewing me
In a boathouse.
Its randomness
Conceals its importance.
You make a fair point,
But somebody still
found out about it.
Deeks: Our team is looking
into the employees
Of the bottling facility,
But there obviously
is another possibility.
I know: Inside job.
But think about it,
If my people wanted
to steal from the scif,
They wouldn't have to
start a fire to get inside.
They already have access.
Unless they wanted it
to look like an outside job.
What exactly do you need
To gain access to the scif?
Two things:
An eight-digit code
to access the outer door...
Which the fire safety
system bypassed.
But to get inside
the scif itself,
You need one of our thumbprints.
All right, well, the fire began
before your work day started,
So have you accounted
for all your people?
And their thumbs?
I only have three people
under my command.
Two have checked in,
with all appendages intact.
And what about the third?
Lieutenant karen roberts.
She's on leave
in sydney, australia.
It's the middle
of the night.
Well, then,
we should wake her up.
(sighs)
What was that?
What was what?
You just breathed.
I try to every day.
Nell.
Yes?
Look.
(sighs)
I knew it.
What?
I just ran the stairs,
I'm a little out of breath.
You have a thing
for firefighters.
Yeah, and...?
I also have a thing
for girl scout cookies
And puppies... Like
99% of the planet.
It is so unfair.
Hold on a second.
Firefighters run
Headlong into burning buildings,
They rescue children,
And lost cats.
It is most definitely fair.
No, I understand
the heroism aspect.
Okay.
I mean, I used to want to be
a firefighter, but...
Okay, by "used to" you mean...?
Five years old.
I had a helmet,
This great little fire truck,
the whole shebang.
Aw.
Yeah.
When I was five,
I wanted to be supergirl, so...
Some dreams just
don't come true.
Yeah, well, that's impossible.
I mean, supergirl's an alien
from the planet krypton.
You can't become an alien.
Right.
B-but... You did become...
A super girl.
Granger:
Let's stop there, beale.
(sighing):
Yeah.
Did you find
anything in the footage?
(clears throat)
uh, no, sorry.
When people hear fire,
they tend to run,
And that's what everyone did.
Nell:
Nothing in the employee
background checks either.
No ties to terrorists
or spy groups.
No suspicious financial
transactions.
No suspects.
(computer blips)
Scratch that.
One suspect.
Lieutenant karen roberts.
She checked in online,
But never boarded her
flight to sydney.
Send kensi and deeks
to her place.
Nell:
Yup.
Uh, excuse me,
assistant director?
Out of curiosity...
...What did you want to be
when you were five years old?
Six years old.
Damage is even worse in here.
Tight, confined space.
Perfect conditions
for a flashover.
Huh.
Uh, can I borrow
your uv light?
Yes, sir.
I'll bring it back.
Callen:
(chuckles) wow.
Either somebody had way too much
fun in here...
Really, g?
You didn't let me finish.
Or three dozen people had just
the right amount of fun in here.
Okay, howard stern,
are you finished?
That's
an accelerant pattern.
Right, but it wasn't poured.
It looks like it was sprayed,
But from where?
A lightbulb.
Do you have an idea, or...
No, it came
from the lightbulb.
You take a needle and you inject
accelerant into the bulb,
You screw the bulb back in, and
then when the light turns on...
Boom.
One of the workers
from the bottling facility
Flips the breakers every morning
at 6:00 a.M.,
And the alarm went off
less than ten minutes later.
I've seen this
tactic before.
Prison gangs use it to
take out their rivals.
Maybe we need to be looking
for someone with a record.
By the way,
we would've found this.
You two got lucky.
But thank you.
So, the thief sets the
conditions for a fire,
Which bypasses the keypad.
Giving him access to
the room with the scif.
Simpson finds him in there,
Thinks maybe he needs help.
Thief knocks him out,
Locks simpson in the scif.
Man, somebody went to a lot of
trouble to steal that drive.
And they could've easily
stolen so much more.
Uh-huh.
This isn't about money.
There's something else
on that drive.
Something very important
to them.
(sighs)
Kensi and deeks checked out
lieutenant roberts' apartment.
She wasn't there, but they
found signs of a struggle.
What's commander yelton's
assessment?
She trusts the lieutenant.
As she should.
She's a good commander.
She assembled a good team.
No one blames you
for the mole, henrietta.
Maybe I blame myself.
Listen, we're
closing in on them.
The mole has been ahead of us
For far too long, owen.
The damage may have
already been done.
You know we shouldn't
be talking in here.
You know, you're right.
We've done enough talking.
(sighs quietly)
Nell: Yeah. Okay.
Any employees from
the bottling facility
Have prison records?
Eric: Uh, no.
Well, two of them did,
but that was decades ago,
And now they have
good jobs, families...
Nothing to indicate they
would steal classified intel.
Right, but we did find a pretty
strong connection to prison.
Yeah.
Eric: The department of
corrections has a program
That trains inmates
to fight wildfires.
For the last three years,
the firefighters of station 118
Have been assigned
to train the inmates.
And 118 just so happens
to be the same company
That put out the fire
this morning.
Eric:
This surveillence video
Is from the western annex
of the bottling facility.
The fire was nowhere near this
location, and yet...
Do we know who this guy is?
Well, firefighters generally
have their names printed
On the bottom of their
turnout jackets,
But this bag is blocking it,
And happens to be the perfect
size for two stolen hard drives.
After this, we lose him.
(sighs quietly)
We don't like
the implication either.
But we can't ignore it.
Simpson's killer may be one
of his fellow firefighters.
Deeks:
I don't like it.
Callen:
No one does.
These guys are brothers
who go into battle together.
It'd be like me murdering sam.
Like, who's gonna buy that?
Not me.
Or me.
Right, 'cause I would
never do that.
It's not that you wouldn't,
you couldn't.
Not even within the
realm of possiblity.
Wait a minute, it's not...
It's not really
what I meant. I...
Even if you tried for decades
to plan my murder,
You still wouldn't
have a chance.
I don't not disagree with that.
Kensi, you've been awful quiet.
What's running through that
pretty little head of yours?
Oh, I agree, you could
never go up against sam.
Love and support,
That's what this relationship
is built on, folks.
I do, however, disagree
that brothers in arms
Could never go up
against each other.
'cause of your dad.
Well, he was killed
by a fellow marine, so...
We don't even know who
we're looking for.
It could be more than one.
Callen: Yeah, we can't risk
tipping them off.
Deeks:
So we go in undercover.
I like it. I volunteer.
You think you can be
a firefighter?
Please, since kensi moved in,
I've put out my fair share
of grease fires.
Thank you for that.
He just thinks he'd
look good in a calendar.
Mr. November, huh?
Unfortunately, deeks,
company 118 overlaps
With your lapd precinct.
We can't risk having
someone recognize you.
At least, now, you're using
evidence to shoot down
My hopes and dream.
Fine, fair enough. Kens?
Well, I think that these guys
are pretty skeptical
About new people,
especially a woman,
And so, uh, as much as
I'd like the challenge,
I think sam and callen would
be more adequate for the job.
Sam?
I did shipside fire drills when
I was a seal, what about you?
Summer of volunteer wildfire
prevention when I was 18.
Then it seems like
you're perfectly ready.
Does it?
All right, there's
ten guys in the company.
We'll back you up.
Let's do it.
(sighs) I mean...
Do you...?
I...
Beale, speak.
What does that even mean?
"six years old."
What kind of five-year-old
dreams of being a six-year-old?
I'm pretty sure it was a joke.
Now granger jokes?
Yes, granger is hilarious.
You just don't get
his dry sense of humor.
Granger's humor is not dry,
it is drought-level.
It is mars.
Newsflash: Mars has water.
Salty water.
More of a brine.
You know what type of five-year-
old dreams of being six?
A five-year-old
who doesn't dream.
I think my soul
just died a little.
Granger's a realist,
he's not a dreamer.
The world needs both.
The grangers and the beales.
Aw.
Granger's from mars, beale
and jones are from krypton.
Hell, yeah.
(chuckles)
(mimics explosion)
yes.
Whoa.
Okay, I just got a
hit on a black van
Near lieutenant
roberts' apartment.
Kaleidoscope picked it up
five times in the last few days.
No plates, tinted windows,
I am officially suspicous.
Yeah, let's see if we can
get a current location.
Man (over p.A.):
It is with regret
That the lafd
announces the death
Of firefighter terry simpson.
Funeral arrangements
to follow.
Hey.
Simpson was proud of you,
rookie, huh?
He might not have
said it, but he was.
I know.
Captain:
Okay, everyone.
Listen up!
Adams.
Get everyone over here.
We got a couple
of forced hires from 206.
Oh, bel air?
Seriously, cap?
They were free, miller.
It was short notice.
Anyway, this is,
Uh... What were
your names again?
What's the point?
We're not gonna learn 'em.
Hanna.
Callen.
Deleted.
(chuckles)
good luck, boys.
Welcome to 118.
I'm sorry for your loss.
House dues are 20 bucks.
Meals are ten.
And we haven't eaten yet,
so you boys can pay right now.
If you'll allow me,
I got lunch covered.
You been here, like,
20 seconds, bel air.
Shut up, lee.
What are you making?
Prime rib-eye steaks.
I like bel air.
I'll show the kitchen, huh?
All right.
Rookie...
It's a mess in here;
clean up.
You're the rookie, huh?
Yeah. Marco guzman.
Marco, I'm the rookie today.
Why don't you help out in the
kitchen, I'll decon the gear.
Thank you, sir.
(indistinct announcement
over p.A.)
Female voice: Please leave
a message at the tone. (beep)
Mama, it's your son.
Again.
I'm starting to get worried
about you; please call me.
(sighs) the shoe's
dropping, I can feel it.
I'm sure everything's
gonna be fine.
I keep trying to figure out
where this feeling
is coming from,
And I'm pretty sure it's her.
Something is wrong.
Should I have eric
ping her cell?
No, you shouldn't have
eric ping her cell.
Kensi, I've called her
four times.
In the last ten minutes.
She could be in the shower.
Yeah, but she also
Could've slipped
in that shower.
Okay, do you want
something bad to happen?
Of course I don't want
something bad to happen.
Okay.
I'm just saying that
I can feel it, it's coming.
(sighs)
Okay.
No more sex for you.
What?!
Oh, you heard me.
You've been cut off.
Stop. Okay, I see
what you're trying to do.
But it doesn't work like that.
You can't force
the shoe to drop.
(whispers):
Oh, we'll see.
Also, you couldn't make it
two days, three days, tops.
What?!
I'm irresistible.
I'm a manimal.
I could resist you.
(phone rings)
(chuckles)
Mama?
Uh, no.
Oh. Nell.
All right.
That's awkward.
What's up?
So, I managed to track
a suspicious van
From lieutenant roberts'
apartment
To an abandoned building
in the 1200 block
Of aliso boulevard.
All right, we're not far.
We're on our way.
Uh, will you have eric
ping my mom's ce...
No!
See? You already
can't keep your paws off me.
Oh, my gosh.
Irresistible.
Shut up.
Deeks:
No one cuts off the manimal.
Here you go, cap.
Thanks.
Appreciate your help.
Mm-hmm.
I remember
on my first day
I walked to the door and simpson
put a cookbook in my hand
And he said,
"you learn it front to back."
Hmm.
Yeah. My rookie year, I got
more burns in the kitchen
Than I did on calls.
(quiet laugh)
Were you and simpson close?
He taught me a lot.
I'm sorry.
Medium rare, brother?
Vegetarian.
What's his deal?
He's just angry.
Always has been.
He was in afghanistan
before this.
Helmand province.
Sounds rough.
He has nightmares.
Wakes us all up.
I think he lost
a lot of guys over there.
So, we gonna talk about it,
Or are we all just gonna
sit here in silence?
The investigators are
doing their job, lee.
We'll talk about it once
we know what happened.
Once we know?
Cap, we know what happened.
Simpson died alone.
Where were we?
Why didn't anybody
have eyes on the man?
It was a big building, lee.
And there's the first excuse.
And I'd expect that
coming from you, miller,
Because you
went in with him
But you didn't come
back out with him.
Lee... Cool it.
What are you saying?
I'm saying...
Captain:
Lee...
We'll see what
the investigators have to say.
Watch your six, hanna.
It's every man for himself.
(woman speaking indistinctly
over p.A.)
...Lines down,
possible brush fire.
What, no steak?
Oh, I had one.
It was delicious.
You find anything?
It's more like
what I didn't find.
Our mystery firefighter
from the video--
Take a look.
You notice anything
different about the jacket?
Sam:
The jacket in the video says
"los angeles city."
mm-hmm.
Every jacket in
here says "lafd."
Eric looked into it--
lafd changed it
A few years ago and
issued new jackets.
So our mystery man
was wearing outdated gear.
Mm-hmm.
Retired firefighter?
Or somebody impersonating
a firefighter.
Nell (over radio):
Callen? Sam?
Go ahead, nell.
Kensi and deeks just arrived
At the abandoned building
we tracked the van to,
And you're not
gonna believe this--
(sighs)
it's on fire.
I just called it in to dispatch.
(tone sounding)
dispatch (over p.A.):
Light force 118,
Task force 119, ra 118.
Structure fire,
1256 west aliso boulevard.
(overlapping chatter)
I'm guessing I don't have
time to run upstairs.
What's upstairs?
Man: Double time!
Man 2: Let's go! Let's go!
Oh, come on.
You know you
want to do it.
Let's roll out!
You ready?
(firefighters shouting)
Man: Clear!
Man 2: Clear!
(sirens wailing)
Where are they?
Almost on scene.
Kensi and deeks are
holding in place.
They searched the van--
it's empty.
Granger:
This should be interesting.
(siren wailing,
horn blaring)
(horn blares)
(siren wails, horn blares)
(sirens stop)
Deeks:
Got to be honest.
I'm really jealous
right now.
I'm sorry, all day,
you've been convinced
Something bad's
gonna happen,
And now you want to run
into a burning building?
What can I say? I'm a man
of complex contradictions.
(sighs):
Call me crazy...
But I'd be
right there beside you.
Battalion chief and 119
will be here in a few.
Lee, hanna, forcible entry.
Miller, take callen.
Top vent.
Rookie, stick with me.
Let's see what you got.
Watch your back.
You, too.
(firefighters
shouting commands)
One, two, three.
(grunts)
(coughs)
¶ ¶
(inhales, air hisses)
Firefighter:
Lafd! Anybody here?
Hey!
You didn't turn your bottle on.
You'll be eating smoke in there.
(valve squeaks, air hisses)
Thanks.
(firefighters shouting)
Primary search.
You two go left,
Me and the rookie go right.
Stay with me.
Firefighter: Battalion,
we're on the second floor.
Starting primary search.
Lafd! Is anyone here?
Lee: Damn it, rookie!
Captain told you to go right!
What the hell
are you doing here?
(breathing through mask)
Lee, lee, wait. Lee, wait!
Mayday! Mayday!
Captain, lee's been stabbed!
Hanna!
I'm going after the guy!
Hanna, wait!
Sam: Kensi, deeks,
He's heading for the exit.
Deeks:
Copy that, sam.
(glass shattering)
(firefighters
shouting in distance)
(grunting)
(coughing)
What the hell?
Miller, give me a hand!
Miller, knock down that fire.
It's okay.
We're gonna get you out of here.
Stay with me, lieutenant.
Let's go. Come on.
(grunting)
Deeks: I got him.
Kensi: Stay down!
Get up.
(grunting)
All right. Move.
(coughing)
Miller, take her.
Thanks for your
help in there.
Next time, bring me a steak.
(chuckles)
Your imposter is brent williams.
He's a rejected
firefighter cadet from 2010,
Which is why he had
the old jacket.
Anything to indicate why
he'd steal classified intel?
He had a bunch of odd jobs
But nothing
that would indicate treason.
We didn't recover
the stolen drives from the fire.
Williams may not have been
working alone.
Eric: We'll keep looking.
Any word on lee and roberts?
Uh, roberts is suffering
from smoke inhalation,
But she'll recover.
And lee is still in surgery.
All right. Thanks, eric.
Yeah.
So he's not talking.
Any progress out here?
I think so, but I'm not
sure I understand it.
Based on these pages recovered
from the fire,
It looks like
williams decrypted tide.
I'm sorry, what's tide?
Terrorist identities
datamart environment.
It's like the no fly list.
Yelton: But much bigger.
It holds
Over 20,000 names of known
and suspected terrorists.
Why would he want this?
Eric:
Guys, you need to see this.
Dod just sent me
this internet video.
Streaming live now.
I am doing this
because I'm tired
Of seeing good americans
Being killed by people
that's peter hackett,
the arson investigator.
Like this man.
He's one of thousands
On a secret government list
of terrorists.
The feds know about him,
but they're not doing anything.
My demands are simple:
If the government
does not start rounding up
The people on this list,
I will put the list online,
And we, the american people,
will take
Matters into our own hands.
Starting with this man.
You have one hour to start
arresting these terrorists.
So when you said this list had
names of suspected terrorists,
Does that mean that...
People can be added
for all sorts of reasons--
Making frequent calls
to trouble spots,
Giving to the
wrong charities,
Even having
a similar name
To another suspect.
Many of the people on that list
are innocent.
Now, before he was
an arson investigator,
Peter hackett worked
as a fire marshal.
And he did the inspection of the
bottling facility 15 months ago.
That's how he knew
about the scif.
I don't care how he knew.
I just want to know
how to stop him.
Where's this feed
coming from?
Eric:
He's using an onion router.
It could be coming from
anywhere. We did retroactively
Track his movements after
he left the scene of the fire
This morning but... Lost him.
Callen and sam
are now on their way
To hackett's house
in baldwin hills,
But it's doubtful
he's even there.
How many people
on the tide list?
Over 21,000.
(sighs)
Okay, maybe there's another way.
Put me through to the boatshed.
Yeah.
(keypad beeps)
Peter hackett is holding
this man, jamal narang.
Look at him:
He's got a wife,
He's got two kids,
And the only thing
he's guilty of
Is sharing a name
with a bomb maker in pakistan.
Deeks: But you don't care,
do you? 'cause he's
Just collateral damage,
just like terry simpson,
Darren lee, lieutenant roberts.
Let me ask you a question.
This is important.
How many dead innocent people
can you live with?
The people on that list
aren't innocent.
They're terrorists.
Somebody's got
to protect us from them.
From people like your brother,
for example?
What?
Yeah.
See, this is just one page
from the tide list.
You know,
the one that you killed for.
But, um...
Why don't you tell me
if you recognize
One of those names.
What is he...
What is he doing on this?
Well, it turns out
Your brother ronald has been
donating money to a charity
With questionable ties
to terror.
Deeks: So if your friend peter
hackett releases that list in,
Oh, 32 minutes,
Then it looks like
your brother ronald
Is gonna be
collateral damage, too.
Where's hackett?
Eric: Callen, sam--
hackett is broadcasting
From an old bar on alameda.
Eric: It was shuttered last year
for fire safety violations.
Sam:
It's all boarded up.
If we break down that door and
we don't have a line of sight...
Hackett will release the list
and kill the hostage.
We got to find a way
to draw him out.
Or smoke him out.
(muffled grunting, gasping)
Hackett:
Would you shut up?
It's almost over.
(countdown blipping steadily)
Nothing on the news.
Guess your new country doesn't
care about you after all.
(muffled grunting, gasping)
What the hell...?
Are you kidding me?
Sam:
Federal agents!
(hackett yells, grunts)
(grunts)
(countdown continues blipping)
(groans)
We'll save you
the investigation.
That... Was definitely arson.
Okay, great.
Thank you.
Lee's out of surgery.
He's gonna make a full recovery.
He's tough.
They all are.
I feel good.
I feel good!
Today was a great day.
I feel like iron man
at the end of the day.
(chuckles) we should save people
from burning buildings
A little more often.
(chuckles)
Not bad for a couple
of rookie firemen.
That's what I'm talking about.
Let me ask you
A question:
Did you guys actually put out
Any fires today,
or did you just start 'em?
A little bit of both.
G needs a new photo for his I.D.
I don't. I really don't.
Good night, granger.
Good night.
Thanks for killing the vibe.
(callen chuckles)
Admit it, you're
a changed man.
I'm the same man
with a new name.
No, no, no, I still think
you look angry in that photo.
I wasn't angry-- I was hungry.
Which is exactly how I feel now.
And you know
what would taste really good?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
I know. One steak comin' up.
Thank you.
All right? Greedy.
There he is.
I was looking for you.
I thought
we were gonna grab dinner.
(sighs) we are.
At my mom's.
She called you back?
She's okay?
No, she's definitely
not... Okay.
Because the other shoe
has officially dropped.
Are you kidding me?
What happened?
(sighs)
"I'm sorry I wasn't answering.
I was at the spa all day
with my... Boyfriend"?
Firing.
Yo! Whoa!
A little warning.
Yeah, yeah, she
could've warned me
Instead of just springing
it on me like this.
No, I mean...
You know, and now she
wants us to meet him,
And he's-he's
cooking us dinner?
"come by tonight.
He's a fantastic cook
And is making his specialty,
pasta aglio e olio."
I love pasta aglio e olio.
So does everybody else,
including me.
And she knows that.
(chuckles)
Aw, sweetie, this isn't
the other shoe dropping.
This is... Your mom looking
for some company.
Yeah, but we all know she
has terrible taste in men.
(sighs)
Deeks, just because your dad
was an awful human being
And forced you
to shoot him doesn't mean
That everybody your mom...
Oh, no. You're not...
Here for target practice
for her boyfriend,
Are you?
What?!
No.
No... I'm just... I was
just blowing off some steam.
(inhales)
(sighs)
come here.
I think
this is a good thing.
I really do.
And if it turns out
not to be, then, uh,
I'll be right there with you
And we'll take this jerk down
together.
You promise?
Absolutely.
Off the top rope?
(chuckling):
Off the top rope.
Forearm shiver?
You okay with that?
Yeah.
Now I want to go, because
I want to eat aglio e olio.
Andiamo. Aglio e olio!
Uh-huh. I'm pretty sure you
just like saying that out loud.
Aglio e olio
e olio!
You can stop.
Aglio e olio...
That can stop.
That was
a clever strategy, owen--
Faking williams' brother
on the tide list.
Well, it was fake then.
It's not fake now.
Are you still worried,
henrietta,
About our earlier conversation?
It's just a feeling, owen.
What kind of feeling?
A feeling of disquiet.
(inhales)
That something is coming.
Something neither of us
has anticipated.